[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So now I wanna talk
a little bit about the difference between
arguments and parameters, and
this is something that's like really,
is really confused by people.
So there are different,
they're not interchangeable.
Invocation and
call-time mean the same thing.
Arguments and
parameters are fundamentally different.
So, parameters, like I was saying,
are right after the function definition,
or function key word and
they're just place holders.
So, they're like variables, right?
They hold values but
before call time, they have no value.
They are undefined.
And the way they get a value
is if you pass them arguments,
just like when we were
improving Tanner's name.
What was it?
Buff.
So name and adj at this,
when I'm walking through the code
at this line, the first line here.
Name an adj have no value.
This doesn't even run yet,
so it skips to the end.
And once it gets here, that's when we're
giving name and adj Adjective, the value.
So, Tanner and Buff are then,
given a value to our parameters,
and order is important.
So, they map by order.
So, name is the first one.
So, the first argument is gonna give
the first parameter it's name, so
name is then Tanner.
And then the second one buff is then adj.
And there's no way you can,
you can't mix up the order.
The order is super, super important, and
that's the only way that your code knows
which argument goes with which parameter.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
>> Speaker 2: Which one,
so name and adj are the parameters?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: And tanner and
buff are the arguments?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And the words
themselves, aren't that important,
it's just the concept.
That these are variable like,
and that they're placeholders,
and this is the actual value, right?
And you can kind of tell that these
are variable like just cuz they don't have
like, they're not keywords
like function or return.
But they're also, they don't have quotes
around them, they're not any other kind
of, data type.
So, where do we see,
let's go through, parameters.
So we just said that name and
adj are parameters.
Where else do we see parameters?
Where did we leave off,
did we leave off at Tanner?
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
First.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
parameters are just the placeholders.
>> Speaker 3: Right.
So after after name improver?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Those are our arguments.
Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You
can phone a friend if you want.
>> Speaker 3: How about after four
h?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Close so four h is
actually a function that's being called.
>> Speaker 3: Right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But here that's
a parameter val, that's a parameter.
I think that's the only one,
because this function has no parameters.
And then what about arguments?
Where are we passing arguments?
So arguments are past to
the function at call time.
So, Grace, I think it's your turn.
>> Grace: Would
that be something like a click?
>> Speaker 5: And
then what about arguments?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
Yeah, click.
So, click is an argument, so
it's the string, and
this function is also an argument.
I was wondering if before each,
isn't the function
parameter, or is that the argument.
So this is the argument, right here.
That function is an argument.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
where else do we see arguments?
>> Speaker 6: Right
there?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Uh-huh.
>> Speaker 6: The j query.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
So.
>> Speaker 6: button.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
Here.
So this is also an argument.
Do you see any more, Kim?
>> Kim: Don't
press my buttons.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
don't press my buttons.
So console.log.
In the console.log.
Cool.
Any questions about that?
It's kind of a, it's kind of a gray area.
It's easy to get them confused.
Any questions of clarification
before I move on?
Cool.
So the next thing I want to talk about is
what it means to return a value
versus having a side effect.
So if you don't have an explicit
return statement in your function,
it is just going to return undefined.
Okay?
So if we want a function to return
a value, we have to explicitly say return.
And the thing about return is that
it is going to immediately break
out of the function and return that value,
whether it is in an if block or
a four loop, it is just going to
immediately return out of that function.
So you have to be careful about where
you place your return statements, but
if you do in fact want your
function to return a value,
the only way you can do
that is by having a return.
And everything else that you do
that's doing work is a side effect.
So, this console.log here.
That's considered a side effect, cuz
this function is not actually returning
anything it's just console logging.
>> Speaker 2: So
if you change the assignment on
a variable but don't return anything
that's a side effect of.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Totally, exactly.
Or if you're selecting, if you're creating
dom nodes and appending them inside
of a function that would be considered
a side effect and not returning.
So you have an explicit return
statement which you like returns like
some data right.
Or you have side effects.
And those are the two different things.
Cool.
So
just a quick review,
where did we leave off?
I think it's your turn.
Andy, right?
So what is this add thing going to,
this add function going to return?
Just testing your math skills.
>> Andy: Seven.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Hope you studied.
Yeah.
Seven.
Awesome.
And take a moment and
explain to the person next to you
how you would change this add function so
that it would add to 13.
And you can't minus 1.
Wait.
Here, let me change this.
Okay.
Actually, it doesn't matter.
Without doing, without someone,
I did this the other day and
they were like 'yeah, just a+b minus 1.
[LAUGH] That's not what I'm asking.
So yeah, explain to your partner how
we would get this to return 13 without
doing any extra math.
>> Speaker 2: You change the function.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Change the function.
So explain to someone next to you.
Or in the chat you can type it out if you
want.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
and what we're changing
is the function itself.
Not the arguments.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
[CROSSTALK]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What did you come up
with?
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE].
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Anyone come up with
any brilliant solutions?
This complicating coding problem.
>> Speaker 2: I would add a comma C so
that the definition has A,B,C and
then I would return A, or B plus C.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Totally.
And here we see that we don't
need to use all the arguments,
or even do any work on parameters.
We can just skip them and
JavaScript is really flexible like that.
It doesn't mind.
And even when we did only have two here.
A and B.
Notice when we pass three arguments,
it just ignored them, and
that's one of the cool things, it's one
of the dangerous things about JavaScript,
that flexibility, but
it's also one of the cool things.
And, what comes from that,
or a cool thing that we
have in JavaScript that works with that is
this thing called the arguments keyword.
And an argument's keyword
is a special keyword in
JavaScript that lives inside functions.
And it gets a value of
the arguments that you pass in in
the form of an array like object.
And what it would look like
if we passed 3,10, and
5 to our add function, and
then we just console logged the arguments,
it would log something that
looks a lot like an array,
looks like an array of all the arguments
in the order that you passed them.
And so this is really powerful when
you don't know how many arguments your
function can take, so you can have that
flexibility like maybe you're going to add
several numbers and you want to have it
flexible, you can add a bunch of them.
So you can loop through it and
just add it that way.
Another cool thing that you can
do with the arguments key word,
is you can have different
versions of functions.
So you can say like if you
pass three arguments do this.
If you pass five arguments
you know do this.
So, you can have different options for
how your function works.
>> Speaker 5: So,
if we define the function
with the empty brackets.
Instead of (a, b), it's just empty.
But when you call the function,
you add I wanted to say 3, 4 arguments or
prime or arguments.
>> Speaker 5: Then two acts as those,
do you have to kinda loop through
this argument's list or array I mean?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
Yeah, so if you had a bunch.
>> Speaker 5: Because that's the only
way you'd like reference something.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I might have that
slide.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No, I don't.
>> Speaker 5: [COUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So if you did want to,
have this all add together, you know,
what you could do is,
you know do our for loop, remember this?
So arguments is not an array, but it does
have a dot length property which is handy.
And then we can have like results = 0.
And then we can say results
+ = arguments at i.
And so this is how we would then
just like, if you wanted to add
all these arguments.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Hopefully I
have no syntax errors, let's see.
Cool.
So 138.
So that's, one use case.
Cool.
So, how then would we,
if we wanted to, have an equal 18,
using the arguments keyword,
what would we change in the add function?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So if we wanted to add
something here.
>> Speaker 2: Arguments
too?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yup.
So it'd be arguments[2].
And that'll return 18.
Cool.
Awesome.
And so I said, it really isn't an array,
its an array like object.
What does that mean?
Why is that important to us?
Its important mostly for when you
are trying to use array methods on it.
It won't have slice, for example,
which is a little unfortunate.
But there are methods that you can,
there are ways that you
can turn it into an array.
And it's kind of a little bit out of the
scope of what we're doing because it goes
into the prototype but something like
could even be typing this wrong.
It's like prototype, call,
that slice, dot call.
Something like this, so
you can just google it actually,
the exact syntax I can't remember.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Is it?
Okay, cool.
Arguments, 0.
Thank you.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
this would be an example of how
you would turn it into an array.
>> Speaker 2: And it's array,
it's array.
>> Speaker 5: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm.
Thank you.
Awesome.
So, if you want to use any of
the handy array methods you will first
have to turn it into a real array and
then you can do those operations, but
if you're trying to do it without it,
it's going to give you an error.
Cool.
Also functions or objects.
Which means those rules that
we were talking about before,
with the dot notation and
bracket notation, all remain the same.
I'm not going to go into a whole spiel
about it, but I hope by now you trust me,
and I don't have to show you all
the examples that dot notation and
bracket notation work
the same on functions.
And you actually use this a lot for
when you're making constructors.